spec: adaptive MSGDELAY parameter included in PBTS spec (#2318)
cometbft/cometbft: spec/consensus/proposer-based-timestamp/README.md

that define whether the timestamp of a block is acceptable,
according with the introduced `timely` predicate.

#### Note on Liveness

Setting too much conservative (small) synchronous parameters can compromise,
possibly in an irreversible way, liveness of consensus.
This is particularly relevant for the `MSGDELAY` parameter.
When this end-to-end delay is underestimated or unrealistic, proposed block

> times can be rejected by all correct nodes.

Reviewer: I am not sure "conservative" is the best term here. I think people can have different intuitions what is conservative in this case. I would just stick to "small" here.

> In order to prevent networks with bad parameters from halting, the `MSGDELAY`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to prevent networks with bad parameters from not making progress (that is, 
stay at the consensus instance for same height forever), the `MSGDELAY`
```

> that define whether the timestamp of a block is acceptable,

Reviewer 2: In the previous line, `MSGDELAY(0)` instead of `MSGDELAY`

according with the introduced `timely` predicate.

> #### Note on Liveness

Author: Added. Used correct proposer instead.
